# Wallet-Wallet Graph
Every user has pairs of public key (i.e. hash of an address) and private key to engage in transactions, and the former is derived from the latter. To create one valid transaction, a sender needs to use his/her private key to redeem a yet spent output from previous transactions as the input. After collecting enough inputs (i.e. sufficient amount of bitcoins), the sender will lock them with the receiver's public key and send them to the receiver as the output. The receiver can use his/her private key to unlock this output later on.  
Intuitively, we assume that one user can control the balances in his/her addresses. This mechanism allows us to cluster multiple addresses as one single wallet through running heuristics on the transaction record despite false positives. Common heuristics include Peeling Chain, Change Closure, Idioms of Use, Transitive Closure, Ip Clustering, and Temporal Clustering. In this study, we will focus on Transitive Closure.  
Let $$B=\{b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{N}\}$$be the set of blocks in the blockchain; $$T=\{t_{1},t_{2},...,t_{N}\}$$be the set of transactions within a block, and $$T_{b_{i}}$$ defines a transaction set within block $$b_{i}$$; $$A=\{a_{1}, a_{2}, ..., a_{N}\}$$ be the set of addresses in all transactions. Therefore, transactions in [Figure 2](#Figure-2-Bitcoin-transaction-graph), presumably both came from bk block can be illustrated as the following: $$T_{b_{k}}=\{t_{1}\(a_{1}+a_{2}a_{3}+a_{2}\), t_{2}\(a_{2}+a_{4}a_{3}+a_{4}\)\}$$

